#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extreport
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
endnotes
logicalmkup
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style authordate1
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 4cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2.5cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Thesis: Title Not Good.
 Title Bad.
 Bad Title!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
Erik Stewart
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Wow.
 Such abstract.
 Much info.
 Little text.
 Such concise.
 Wow
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Norway Spruce (
\begin_inset Flex Emph
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Picea abies
\end_layout

\end_inset

) is a commercially significant conifer with a ubiquitous distribution throughou
t Fennoscandanavia.
 In Finland, Norway Spruce accounts for 34% of total forest products, which
 includes timber and other wood based forest products 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Scand.2003a"

\end_inset

.
 Because of it's significant impact on the Finnish economy, it is important
 to understand and to address issues which negativly affect the growth and
 production of Norway Spruce.
 The most devastating pathogen affecting the growth of Norway Spruce is
 root butt rot caused by the 
\begin_inset Flex Emph
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Heterobasidion annosum
\end_layout

\end_inset

 sl species complex.
 The total damages to forest production in Europe from Heterobasidion spp.
 is greater than 800 million euros annually 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Asiegbu2005"

\end_inset

; as such, it is important to study the pathogen and host to better understand
 the complex nature of infection biology and resistance factors which hold
 the potential for mitigating losses and improving forest yeilds in areas
 where 
\emph on
Heterobasidion spp.

\emph default
 are prevalent.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Norway Spruce (
\emph on
Picea abies)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Norway Spruce 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "C:/Users/user/Documents/library"
options "authordate1"

\end_inset

.
 .
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
